OSDOCS-4226: Adds notes for 4.10.35 release (#51144)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-10-34-upgrading"]
==== Updating

To update an existing {product-title} 4.10 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc[Updating a cluster within a minor version by using the CLI] for instructions.

[id="ocp-4-10-35"]
=== RHBA-2022:6728 - {product-title} 4.10.35 bug fix update

Issued: 2022-10-04

{product-title} release 4.10.35, is now available. The bug fixes that are included in the update are listed in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:6728[RHBA-2022:6728] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:6727[RHBA-2022:6727] advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.10.35 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-10-35-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, the logic in the Ingress Operator did not validate whether a kubernetes service object in the `openshift-ingress` namespace was actually created by the Ingress Controller it was attempting to reconcile with. Consequently, the Operator would modify or remove kubernetes services with the same name and namespace regardless of ownership. With this update, the Ingress Operator now checks the ownership of existing kubernetes services it attempts to create or remove. If ownership does not match, the Ingress Operator provides error. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1623[*OCPBUGS-1623*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the logic in the Ingress Operator did not validate whether a kubernetes service object in the `openshift-ingress` namespace was created by the Ingress Controller it was attempting to reconcile. Consequently, the Operator would modify or remove kubernetes services with the same name and namespace regardless of ownership. With this update, the Ingress Operator now checks for the ownership of existing kubernetes services it attempts to create or remove. If the ownership does not match, the Ingress Operator provides an error. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1623[*OCPBUGS-1623*])
```

Author: updated! Thanks!
